Add diagram description (#445)
swcarpentry/r-novice-inflammation: _episodes_rmd/09-supp-intro-rstudio.Rmd

### Commenting

Use `#` signs to comment. Comment liberally in your R scripts. Anything to the

> right of a `#` is ignored by R. Commenting is also a great way to remind yourself of what certain functions you write do, and it helps others understand the purpose of your function without having to read the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
right of a `#` is ignored by R. Comments remind yourself of what certain functions you write do, and it helps others understand their purpose without having to read the code. Start your comments with a `#` signs, which R takes as the sign to ignore anything to the right of it when running the code. Also remember that expressive naming of functions, arguments and variables, as well as [#'-prefixed roxygen documentation]({{ page.root }}/08-making-packages-R/#making-your-first-r-package), document your code. Consider free-form, #-comments as a last resort.
```
